Fix some minor issues in Readme (#897)
bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets: README.md

kubeseal --controller-name sealed-secrets <args>
```

> Alternatively, you can override `fullnameOverride` on the helm chart install. Note also that `kubeseal` assumes that the controller is installed within the `kube-system` namespace by default. So if you want to use the `kubeseal` CLI withut havving to pass the expected controller name and namespace you should install the Helm Chart like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can set `fullnameOverride` when installing the chart to override the name . Note also that `kubeseal` assumes that the controller is installed within the `kube-system` namespace by default. So if you want to use the `kubeseal` CLI without having to pass the expected controller name and namespace you should install the Helm Chart like this:
```

### How to verify the images?

> Our images are being signed using [cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign). The signatures have been saved in our [GitHub Container Registry](https://ghcr.io/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets-controller).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our images are being signed using [cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign). The signatures have been saved in our [GitHub Container Registry](https://ghcr.io/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets-controller/signs).
```

There's a specific registry for the signatures
